[IMP] upgrade: update and improve the upgrade processes and information (#1509)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/upgrade/odoo_sh.rst

=======
Odoo.sh
=======

Test upgrade request
====================

> Download a dump of your database (from the :ref:`Builds view <odoosh-gettingstarted-builds-download-dump>`),
> choose the **exact copy and without filestore** options. Upload the .sql.gz dump on https://upgrade.odoo.com/upload and
> select the testing purpose. Once it's processed, you'll get a dump of the database in return.

Reviewer: - 100th character line break
- separate the options in bold
- markup for the .sql.gz file extension

```suggestion
Download a dump of your database (from the :ref:`Builds view
<odoosh-gettingstarted-builds-download-dump>`), select the **exact copy** and **without filestore**
options. Upload the ``.sql.gz`` dump on https://upgrade.odoo.com/upload and select the testing
purpose. Once it's processed, you'll get a dump of the database in return.
```

> .. important::
>    To have the most up to date test version of your database, create a back-up of your
>    production database just before creating your request. Upload it in your staging branch
>    selecting **Exact dump** and **Without filestore** and then click start.

Reviewer: - 100th character line break
- up-to-date --> hyphens
- backup
- grammar tenses on the last sentence

```suggestion
.. important::
   To have the most up-to-date test version of your database, create a backup of your production
   database just before creating your request. Upload it in your staging branch, select **Exact
   dump** and **Without filestore**, and then click on *start*.
```

Test your upgraded database
===========================

Create a staging branch that will run the upgraded database. Either make sure your production
branch's code is compatible between the two Odoo versions and fork your production branch, or make a
new staging branch containing the upgraded code.

> Once the staging build is done (it doesn't matter if it failed due to the version incompatibility),
> import your upgraded dump in the backups tab of the branch. The platform will automatically detect
> the version of the dump and change the version of Odoo's source code to the corresponding version
> for the build.

Reviewer: - present tense (instead of future)
- this could be a note, since it's an additional info rather than an explanation of what the user must do.

```suggestion
Once the staging build is done (it doesn't matter if it failed due to the version incompatibility),
import your upgraded dump in the backups tab of the branch. 

.. note::
   The platform automatically detects the version of the dump and changes the version of Odoo's
   source code to the corresponding version for the build.
```

Test the upgraded database and make sure everything runs as it's supposed to.

.. note::
   When upgrading to a new version make sure to import on an old database. Otherwise the filestore

>    (images, attachments,...) will be missing.

Reviewer: Can you rewrite this, please?

- missing commas
- prepositions

Upgrade your production database
================================

Once you've tested everything and you're satisfied, start the process over to get an up-to-date
upgraded dump:

* Make a new dump of your production database (as described in step 1)
* Upload it on upgrade.odoo.com and select the Production purpose
* Receive the newly upgraded dump and import it in your production branch. The build might get
  marked as failed because the platform will run it with the upgraded databases' Odoo version
  together with the old custom code.
* Merge or commit the upgraded custom code in the production branch

If anything goes wrong, remember you can restore a backup. The platform will always make one before
you make any Odoo.sh operation on the production database. If the restored backup comes from a
previous version, the platform will detect it and change the project's Odoo version back if it needs
to.

Custom modules (if applicable)
==============================

The upgrade of a database that contains custom modules is a 2 step process.

> 1. The standard upgrade is done when your upgrade request is completed.
> 2. Your custom modules also need to be upgraded to keep them compatible with the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. The standard upgrade is done when your upgrade request is completed.
#. Your custom modules also need to be upgraded to keep them compatible with the new version.
```
